Dear Editor,

Thank you for your message about our submitted manuscript. We also are grateful to have the comments of the referees specially the first referee which is very detailed and careful, giving delicately points that we missed. The second referee also gave us comments that do a lot in improving our work. But we believe that the third referee did not receive the message of our manuscript. It seems that he carelessly read the manuscript becaus of the following:

1) At the beginning of his comments, it is written that "The authors present a theory and a validation, through a numerical approximation, of what they call self-propelled particles in solution.". We never used the word "self-propelled particles in solution" in the whole manuscript. We used the word solution whenever we are talking about the answer of differential equations. It is evident from the manuscript that we are interested in a simple variant of the Vicsek model, which like many other studies are in the coarse grained level. Also, in modeling the flocking behavior of birds, one can neglect the hydrodynamic interactions depending on the type of study. Like the recent study done by A. Cavagna, et al. Phys. Rev. Lett. 114, 218101 (2015).

2) In the third paragraph, the referee mentioned that "The Fokker-Planck the authors used is equivalent to the Langevin description.". We think that he again here, thinks that we are considering swimmers that are immersed in solutions.

So we conclude that either the referee did not read our manuscript carefully or he did not understand our work.

The third referee believes that our work is an old topic, without novelty -in contrast to referees 1 and 2- and not suitable for PRE. We would like to mention that the Vicsek and other similar models are widely used in studies on active matter. Many of these works are published in the PRE and PRL rcently (see e.g. references [3,5,8,24,41] among many others). Therefore we believe that our work is in the interest of the PRE readers.

Sincerely yours
Hamid Seyed-Allaei
